docs: sync visualization docs with source (pt3) (#126814)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/panels-visualizations/visualizations/news/index.md

# News

> The news visualization displays an RSS feed. By default, it displays articles from the Grafana Labs blog at `https://grafana.com/blog/news.xml`, but you can change this by entering a different RSS feed URL.

Author: ```suggestion
The news visualization displays an RSS feed. By default, it displays articles from the Grafana Labs blog, but you can change this by entering a different RSS feed URL.
```

Use the following options to refine your news visualization:

- **URL** - The URL of the RSS or Atom feed. If you leave this empty, Grafana uses `https://grafana.com/blog/news.xml`.

> - **Show image** - Controls whether the feed item's social image is displayed. On narrow panels, the image appears above the text. On wider panels, the image appears beside the text.

Reviewer: All of the changes in the News panel docs are correct, but maybe a bit unnecessary? They wouldn't have been anything I would have called drift. Curious what you think of this one, Isabel.

My thought was: do users care what the URL of the Grafana RSS feed is? Or what the responsive behavior is? I don't believe the responsive behavior (2 years ago) nor the URL (at least 6 years ago) changed, and neither were previously documented, so they by definition didn't drift... that's kind of the nice thing about not being exhaustive in documenting things and trying to focus on what is important to the user, right? I just worry that the model making these changes means it may become chatty.

I'm fine with committing these since they're accurate, just wanted to poke at this since it's the first PR from this thing.

Author: That's a good point. I was focused on the accuracy of the PR vs the necessity, but agreed, these aren't technically drift issues. I'm gonna reject these changes to see if they get proposed again by the automation.

> - **Show image** - Controls whether the feed item's social image is displayed. On narrow panels, the image appears above the text. On wider panels, the image appears beside the text.

Author: ```suggestion
- **URL** - The URL of the RSS or Atom feed. If you leave the field empty, the Grafana Labs blog is used.
- **Show image** - Controls if the news social image is displayed beside the text content.
```
